DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in A Combination Battle!
DAN: Aw don't be a wimp Runo!
Let's do Extreme Mountain next!
I want to ride the Ferris Wheel!
Ex-treme Moun-tain!
The Ferris Wheel!
Oh whoopee!
A big wheel that goes round and round!
Whatta blast!
Just because it doesn't go up and down
at a 100 miles an hour
doesn't mean it won't be fun!
Yeah it'll be boring!
Well I've got six tickets in my pocket!
How many do you have left?
No you wouldn't...
Ah!
I guess you shouldn't have wasted your money
on all those gnarly corndogs...
I'll share my tickets if we go on the Ferris Wheel first!
You are so brutal!
I knew this would turn into a snooze fest!
You spent your whole allowance!
You've been stuffing your face with junk food all day...
You've got no money left.
You want to get to on Extreme Mountain you be nice to me!
A corndog...
I bought you a corndog,
that's gotta be worth something.
A corndog!
Listen up buddy!
We're going to go on the Ferris Wheel next!
If you want any of my tickets do as I say!
[loud arguing]
...There they go again.
These humans are indeed a curious species...
Exteme Mountain!
Ferris Wheel!
[applause]
What's happening over there?
Awe-some!
Ladies and gentlemen can we have two volunteers
for our next illusion?
Anybody out there interested?
Yo! Right here! Pick us!
You two!
Come on up here!
Oh yeah!
Here we come!
Ta-dah!
We'll start with a card trick!
Go ahead pick a card, any card!
Right...
Which one should I choose... ?
Dan... Pick a card...
Come on buddy... I don't have all day!
Chill... I'm thinking.
I... pick this... ...card here!
A Doom Card!
That's twisted!
Yeah ya know why?
Masquerade's behind this!
You're right...
Allow me to introduce myself and my brother!
I'm Kenta.
I'm Kenji...
You're Runo right?
And you must be Dan Kuso...
Masquerade says you're the one to beat.
You up for a battle?
Always...
Dan, I can handle these two.
What?
This is all a set up by Masquerade...
He's watching you and if you take part in this battle
you'll be playing right into his hands.
Yeah maybe...
But so what...
I can't back out of this.
You have to!
They challenged me, not you!
What about the magic show?
Are you two up for a combination battle?
What?
A combination battle?
The two of you against the two of us!
That way the odds are even.
That sounds fair doesn't it.
Sounds crowded...
Sure! Let's do it!
Ready when you are!
Bakugan!
Field open!
Doom card set!
Throw the gate card!
Set!
Bakugan...
...Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Ability Card activate!
Robotallian enforcement!
BAKU-POD: Power level 380Gs
Ha!
What a bonehead maneuver!
He's using a fire attribute just like me!
Wait Dan!
What if it's some kind of trap!
A trap?
Get with the program!
Haven't you learned anything from Drago?
Yeah sure I have...
I know that if I send my Griffin in
he's got the skills to go one on one with his Robotallian!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
You're up Kenji!
Now go!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Ability card activate!
Marionette!
Check it out brother!
The Marionette is an ability card that lets you move
any standing Bakugan to any part of the battlefield you want!
Ah not yet!
No Griffin!
[evil laugh]
You should put your Bakugans in show business...
They do a great vanishing act!
[laughing]
Your move!
That was some mean hocus pocus!
What's next, he gonna pull a rabbit out of a hat?
That was just one of their cards,
and it cost you a Bakugan!
Who knows what else they have up their sleeves?
Thanks!
You're a big help!
Remain calm.
Utilize the Bakugans you have.
You can do this.
Make your move my lady...
His Mantris is tough but he's got to have a weak spot
somewhere.
His power level is at 350.
And I'm pretty sure that gate card
can boost the power of Darkus.
And that's just the kind of juice I need.
There's only one way to find out!
Bakugan brawl!
Ability card activate!
Combination of Haos and Darkus!
A light attributed Bakugan can spike its power level
by a 100Gs against a Darkus attributed Bakugan!
BAKU-POD: Calculating Serpenoid power level...
400Gs...
That won't help you!
I'll show you why!
Gate card open!
Level down!
BAKU-POD: Adjusting power level...
300Gs
The \"level down\" command card
forcibly decrease the power level by 100Gs
once your Bakugan's level goes over 400.
You wasted the combination of Darkus and Haos
and now you'll pay!
Mantris!
Send him off the field!
No! Snakie! Come back!
Smooth move Runo!
You really know how to dish it out!
That's what you call a trap?
Well you should know!
Stop it you two!
Your fight belongs on the battlefield!
Not here!
Stop this!
Kenta!
Yes brother!
Gate card... Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Oh no you don't!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
BAKU-POD: Saurus power level...
290Gs.
You're taking a chance...
Are you sure you wanna risk it?
You know it!
Go!
You are gonna get played now magic man!
That was the\"power charge\" ability card and it just
zapped Saurus's power level by a 100Gs!
In the next battle he can attack anywhere on the field!
Wow...
Slammin' move and you thought of that all by yourself?
Hey watch it!
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Ability activate!
Pyrus versus Darkus!
I've never heard of that before...
It's another combo ability card...
Don't sweat it!
It won't do much good against Saurus's jungle breath!
BAKU-POD: Adjusting power levels...
Suarus at 390Gs
Turn up the heat Saurus...
Gate card open!
That'll pump us up another 50Gs
BAKU-POD: Adjusting Saurus power level...
440 Gs
Now squash that bug!
What's gives?
Saurus has got way more juice than that creepy crawler!
Look at this...
Centipoid's power level is spiking!
BAKU-POD: Adjusting Centipoid's power level...
Stabilizing at 460Gs!
Pyrus and Darkus are opposites.
When I use them together,
on a fire attributed Bakugan like yours
it pushes my power level up 100Gs.
Combined they can be a powerful force.
It's all in the cards!
[evil laugh]
This is what I call a combination battle!
You said it brother!
Your Bakugan's time is up Dan!
Centipoid!
Finish him!
No!
Saurus!
Saurus! Come back!
[evil laughter]
Yeah!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers are back!
Battle on!
Dan you can't win!
You've got one Bakugan left.
Darn!
I can't take another knock-out!
We need to scheme something real fast!
Hey... I know...!
This should do the trick!
Gate Card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
BAKU-POD: Haos Saurus recognized...
Calculating power level...
290Gs.
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Wait Kenta!
Don't worry brother!
Ability card activate!
Siege! Take it!
Fire sword!
Arm yourself!
Go Siege! Battle!
Finish them!
RUNO: I knew you were gonna do that!
What?
All right! Gate card open!
Triple battle activate!
Now to get this fight really kickin'
we need a third Bakugan on the battlefield!
Dan, if you're good to go we need you!
All right!
I see where you're coming from!
With two Bakugans we can pull off some sweet moves!
Yeah!
Ah wicked!
Let's slam 'em!
Right Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
Battle!
Hey Siege! Above you!
Ability card activate!
Boosted Dragon!
We did it Dan!
Yeah!
Congratulations...
That was an excellent strategy my lady.
Well done.
You caught your opponents off guard!
Wha?
My Siege.
You should have listened to me.
Huh?
You had your chance brother.
Now it's my turn...
With this card I'll take control of this battle!
Gate card set!
Whoa Kenji!
Bakugan!
Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
The Reaper!
Uh Dan you take ugly...
I'll handle the other one...
Bakugan Brawl!
Shade ability activate!
BAKU-POD: Adjusting Siege power level...
330Gs.
\"Shade ability\" is one of the choicest cards ...
It can squash all the other ability card effects
that are happening on the battlefield!
They've got us again!
Wait Kenta!
No Kenji!
I'm the one who taught you how to play Bakugan!
I know the game way better than you do!
Kenta?
Bakugan! Brawl!
[roar]
Gate card open!
This is it!
Ability card activate!
Backfire!
That makes the gate card you threw down useless!
BAKU-POD: Power level drop detected...
Adjusting level...
Haos Saurus now at 290Gs!
Garganoid!
Attack!
Come n' get it!
Ability card activate!
\"Cut-in-Saber!\"
[high roar]
What is she doing?
How did she put Tigrerra in the battle?
You can thank the \"Cut-in-Saber\" ability card
for that!
Right!
Time to clean house!
Go!
Oh no!
Awesome!
Nice move Runo!
Thanks Tigrerra!
You sent that big bad Garganoid packin'!
Ha! That's nothing!
Drago...
You fightin' machine...
-Turn it on! -I'm ready!
Bakugan! Brawl!
Yeah! Right onto Reaper's orb card!
Bakugan stand!
He's no match for the Reaper!
Gate card open!
So we meet again Drago.
Traitor!
I'll make you pay for your betrayal!
Let's brawl!
Masquerade has got you fooled Reaper...
You're only being used!
What do you know?
Masquerade gives me everything I want...
If I have to destroy my own kind then so be it!
And you're next on my list Drago!
Oh yes I can taste the power!
BAKU-POD: Power level... 420Gs
I - will - stop - you!
Take him down!
Boosted dragon!
Yeah that's it!
Take that demon to school Drago!
Gate card set!
Bakugan! Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Mantris's power level is 350Gs.
My next Bakugan will have to be choice!
I'd better go with one that has a pumped up power level!
Runo!
Hold on...
Why?
What gives?
It's weird...
Kenji's Centipoid has a power level of 360...
And...
the power of Mantris is at 350!
Oh!
They must be trying to fake us out with the gate card!
Yeah!
That's why Kenji put Mantris in!
All right...
We'll need an ability card!
Runo! You're up!
Put Saurus in the game!
You first...
Then me!
I gotcha!
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Come on!
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Go Drago!
Boosted dragon!
BAKU-POD: Centipoid eliminated!
It's over!
Done like dinner!
THINKING: No we're still in this...
I have a command card...
All I need to do is get rid of Saurus with my next shot!
Bakugan! Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Busted.
Of all the cards left to play
you had to roll up onto that one...
You scammer...
Your tricks don't work on us anymore.
Okay...
Let me guess what that card is
...The \"quartet battle\" card maybe?
Oh no!
The \"quartet battle\" card
starts a four-way battle.
Each team has to throw in one more Bakugan
once the battle starts.
You were going to use your ability cards
to increase Mantris's power
and have Centipoid there for back up
weren't you smiley!
Drago and Tigrerra would be toast if it worked...
You were gonna give them a one way ticket
to the Doom Dimension!
Admit it!
How did you know?
Because...
You were so stoked for a combination battle with us!
We knew you had a \"quartet battle\" card!
Yeah! You still won't win this battle!
Gate card open!
Quartet battle!
We got 'em!
All we have to do now is deal with Mantris!
That's one down! One to go!
[laughs]
Hey pal! What's so funny?
It's a little to early for a victory party...
I actually do have a card up my sleeve...
And guess what, it's an ability card!
Which one is it?
Ability card activate!
Twin machete!
BAKU-POD: Mantris power level increase...
450 Gs
Dan!
The Boosted Dragon only gives us 440 Gs!
We can't beat him!
No...
It might look messed up but it's not!
If the quartet battle card activates
everything will be cool!
We'll be back on top after that!
Yeah!
But what if it doesn't activate?
Drago!
Goes to the Doom Dimension!
Don't worry about me...
Your concern is appreciated but this battle
is too important to lose.
Whatta ya mean by that?
I can't explain right now but if you have to let me go
then don't hesitate.
When the time comes you will know what to do...
Trust yourself and trust me!
Drago?
I trust you...
You know that.
Let's do what we have to do!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Here we go Drago!
Battle!
Drago... Hang in there!
Your Bakugan puts up a good fight
but it won't do any good.
Mantris still has the higher power level.
See for yourself.
Don't worry about me...
Drago...
Hang on!
It's time!
Mantris!
Send him to the Doom Dimension!
Noooooo!
Are you ready Dan?
You know what to do.
The time has come...
This battle is ours!
Quartet battle! Activate!
I don't believe it...
You tricked me!
Not two against one!
What was that?
It's over now... We lost!
[spattering of applause]
We did it Drago.
Yeah we won!
To a well timed attack...
...and a strong team!
That battle was intense.
Whatta ya say we chill out for a while
on one of these rides Runo?
Your pick!
Sure.
So... Let me guess the Ferris Wheel?
Are you still stoked about Extreme Mountain?
Oh I can go on that next time...
Right now I feel like kickin' back
on that big ol spinning wheel.
Not me...
I'm in the mood for Extreme Mountain!
No way...
I said we'll try that out next time...
Come on, let's go...
the Ferris Wheel.
I say Extreme Mountain!
Ferris Wheel.
Extreme Mountain!
Ahhh, I suppose this was bound to happen...
I'll never understand these humans...
[arguing continues]
RUNO: On the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers...
A new Bakugan arrives in town
and things really take off for him.
But he soon finds out that the city can be
real confusing and it sure helps to have a friend
to show you around.
Luckily he hooks up with a group of girls
who just love Bakugan.
Unfortunately they take the game a little to seriously
and when a battle breaks out our little friend really
has to step up just to keep his head above the water.
It a full on showdown and you sure won't want to miss it!
Next time on Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan brawl!
Hey look! Giraffes!